I don't think anyone really understands
how impossible it is to get the blue
axelottle in Superflat. I mean, sure, it
took my friend Womba around 40 hours to
get one in his world, which is pretty
brutal. But according to my
calculations, in Superflat, it's not
going to take hours. It's going to take
years. See, normally you just go to a
warm ocean, scoop up some tropical fish,
and start breeding. But in Superflat,
the only way to get live tropical fish
is this guy. The watering trader always
has two purchasing trades, two special
trades, and five ordinary trades. And
the tropical fish bucket is just one out
of 73 possible ordinary trades. This
means every time he shows up, which is
about every 4.76 hours of gameplay,
you've got a measly 6.8% chance of
getting the trade. So on average, you
have to play for 70 hours just to see
the trade once. And since he only sells
enough fish for two breeding attempts,
you need him to show up with the bucket
600 times to hit the 1 and 1200 spawn.
That is 4.79
years of non-stop uninterrupted gameplay
before you're statistically expected to
see a blue axelotta. To really put that
in perspective, imagine you're spending
money at a rate of $7 per second. If you
started with $1 million, you'd go broke
in about 40 hours, roughly the time it
took Womba to get his axelott. But if
you started with $1 billion, it would
take [music] you $4 years to spend it
on. So getting the blue axelottle in
Superflat isn't just harder. It's
literally the difference between your
average moneysavvy baby boomer and
Taylor